&emsp;
## Software Project - Assignment 1 Programming for Engineers 2023/24 - MSc

[50% of total module marks]

&emsp;
## 1 Overview

This is an individual assignment worth 50% of your Programming for Engineers module marks.

The task is to construct a search program in C that implements an intelligent mechanism for a robot to find the shortest route from its current position to its charging station.

&emsp;
## 2 Problem description


HOOVI is a battery-operated security and surveillance robot. It operates during the night and its task is to `regularly check all locations in an office building for intruders`. The building has three floors. Each floor
- a lobby
- 12 offices
- 12 reception rooms

There is also a `lift` for travelling to the next floor below or above.

Please consult the floor plans on the next page for details on how HOOVI can travel between locations. Looking at these details, note that access to any office is only possible through its dedicated reception room
>Example
- on the second floor the office D3.2 can only be reached via the reception room D3.1.

Room labels indicate pairs of connected `reception & office rooms`, as well as the floor number. When developing your algorithm, take note of the common format in which these labels are written. Each of the reception rooms has access to the lobby on that floor which must be crossed on the way to the lift. 
>Tip
- it may be a good idea to consider the lobby and the lift on each level as separate rooms

The `charging station` is in a separate room on the first floor, accessible directly from the lift.

HOOVI can use the lift to travel between floors but only by one floor at each step.

&emsp;
## 3 More Details
Here more details about how HOOVI operates. You may use any of this to inform your program design, but you also need to decide what is relevant for solving the problem and what is not:

1. HOOVI normally starts exploring the building by going from the `charging room` into the `lift` and then `travels to all locations` (rooms, lobbies, lift) it can find a way into.

2. HOOVI has audio and video sensors to assess whether a room is unoccupied. If that is the case, it will move straight on to the next room, or trigger an alarm otherwise. For the purposes of this assignment, you should assume the building is `empty` (there is no intruder).

3. HOOVI monitors its `battery` level whilst travelling or cleaning. If the battery level becomes critically low, HOOVI should return to the charging station on the ground floor immediately.

4. Even though HOOVI will generally travel along the same route, the functionality described in 2. means that in the event the robot needs to return to the charger, it could be in any room on any floor when it needs to return to the charger.

5. HOOVI can determine the location in which it currently is and has a basic built-in model of the building (that tells it where it can go from a given room), as illustrated in the floor plans.

6. HOOVI must perform a simulated search from the place it is currently in to find the charging room. It has sufficient memory to remember any rooms it has considered going to during that search.

&emsp;
## 4 Task

Your task is to write a `search program` for HOOVI’s hardware platform with which it can find the `shortest path` (i.e., least number of rooms travelled) 
- from its current location 
- to the charger room. 

Extract the relevant problem-solving knowledge from the description above and devise a suitable `state representation` to capture the information about locations. 

Devise a non-trivial successor function that determines where HOOVI can go `from any given place`. 

For testing your program, you should assume three scenarios and present the respective solution paths in your report, where HOOVI is
1. in room N3.2
2. in the lift on the first floor
3.  in room K1.1


<div align=center>
    <imgs src="imgs/floor2.png" width=400>
</div>