&emsp;
## Software Project - Assignment 1 Programming for Engineers 2023/24 - MSc

[50% of total module marks]

&emsp;
## 5 Marking Criteria

There are two groups of assessment criteria, 
- `Program Internals` (search algorithm)
- `Human-Computer-Interface` (i.e., input and output on the command line interface) and `English Writing Report `

Each of the criteria in these groups is worth a different amount of marks (Total: 100).

When developing your program, you should try to satisfy as many of these as you can. In the event that you couldn’t manage to get your program to run, you can still get some marks for any sensible elements that might form part of a correct solution. Note that satisfying a criterion does not automatically yield all the indicated marks - there may be deductions for inefficiencies and mistakes made, or overly cumbersome approaches. While you are not primarily marked on the quality of your code, it is advised to adhere to common practices. This includes sticking to the specification, using suitable data types for representing the information and for storing results, avoiding undue code duplication, and most importantly: use of comments in the code. Some features require you to think about user interaction – make sure your program presents information clearly and is easy to use.

&emsp;
>Program Internals (55 marks in total)

1. Appropriate state representation. (8)
2. Correct initial state defined. (2)
3. Core elements of a correct successor function that generates subsequent states. (4)
4. A successor function that generates valid states for solving the problem. (10)
5. Correct goal test. (3)
6. Some kind of search activity going on. (5)
7. Correct elements of Breadth-First-Search list/queue management. (6)
8. Overall correct and efficient BFS implementation. (10)
9. An alternative working Depth-First-Search variant accessible within the same program (7)

&emsp;
>Human-Computer-Interface (30 marks in total)

1. A text output of the starting location. (2)
2. A text output signaling that a solution path has been found. (2)
3. A text output of the goal location. (2)
4. Detailed printing of the solution path along the different locations involved. (6)
5. Detailed status messages about HOOVI’s search activity that can be switched on and off through a variable in the code or by user input at the beginning of the program. (11)
6. The user can enter an arbitrary initial location at the start which is then used by the algorithm to determine a solution path from there. (5)
7. The user can choose between BFS and DFS as search strategies from a menu. (2)

&emsp;
>English Writing Report (15 marks in total)
- Please pay more attention on the requirement of report in the next part, and It is also highly recommended that if you could write down some of your own understanding during coding.

