&emsp;
## Software Project - Assignment 1 Programming for Engineers 2023/24 - MSc

[50% of total module marks]


&emsp;
## 6 Report

Your report is a very important element of the assessment to confirm that you have written the program yourself and understood the functionality implemented in it. It will hence be used to qualify the marks you receive. 

Your report should point out the relevant marking criteria that you have addressed, with detailed references to your source code, and answer the questions posed. If you document your code extensively during development, then this will be a lot easier to do and you need less explanation in the actual report text. For this reason, there is no minimum word count given, but as a guideline, try not to exceed `1500 words` in total (excluding Appendix).

Your report should have a title page with your candidate number and contain the following chapters:

1. Introduction – A short section (no more than half a page) where you should describe the purpose of the program and list the main functions in the code, briefly pointing out what they do. You may then also include a screenshot of the program window, if you like.

2. Program description – Firstly try to explain your algorithm with flow charts. Then, you need to explain how your implementation addresses the marking criteria. Focus on the Program Internals and make references to the code in the appendix - you do not need to describe any of the interface criteria as these are self-evident. Which search strategy do you think is most suited to this task – BFS or DFS? Explain why.

3. Appendix (source code as text, ideally with line numbers for easier reference from chapter 2)

&emsp;
## 7 Submission Requirements

Your submission must contain the following parts:
- `Your program` (source code file(s)) – must be zipped up into a single `ZIP file`!
- `Your report` as `PDF` (included in the ZIP file)

You should submit your coursework online via Canvas. Keep in mind that this is an individual assessment - the related University rules on academic misconduct apply, and here in particular with respect to collusion with fellow students and plagiarising code from Web pages or elsewhere.